README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi man, I'm Arthur

🎓 **Técnico de Desenvolvimento de Sistemas @ Senac RS EAD** 
🧠 **Full-Stack Developer**   
🌍 **live in São Paulo, Brazil**  
💻 I work with BackEnd System and coding development based on math models

---

### 🧰 Technological tools used on my Stack Curriculum


<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="VSCode"
    title="VSCode" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg"          
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Java"
    title="Java" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/java/java-original-wordmark.svg"
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="MySQL"
    title="MySQL" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg"     
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="HTML"
    title="HTML" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/html5/html5-original.svg"          
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="CSS"
    title="CSS" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/css3/css3-original.svg"
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="JavaScript"
    title="JavaScript" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg"
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Node.JS"
    title="Node.JS" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg"          
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="github"
    title="github" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/github/github-original.svg" 
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="git"
    title="git" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/git/git-original.svg"                        
/>


<br/>
<br/>

---

### More about me and my work

Coming soon...


---

### 📈 GitHub Stats

![Arthur's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=arthursoares2509&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_rank=true)  
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=arthursoares2509&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

### 📫 Get in Touch

Want to talk about coding, collaboration on projects, or just send a message?  
Feel free to reach out without apprehention!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arthur-soares-900a53297)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:hjharthur497@gmail.com)


---

Commit message:

Revise README with professional background
Updated personal introduction and removed GitHub stats.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi man, I'm Arthur

🎓 **Técnico de Desenvolvimento de Sistemas @ Senac RS EAD** 
🧠 **Full-Stack Developer**   
🌍 **live in São Paulo, Brazil**  
💻 I work with BackEnd System and coding development based on math models

---

### 🧰 Technological tools used on my Stack Curriculum


<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="VSCode"
    title="VSCode" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg"          
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Java"
    title="Java" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/java/java-original-wordmark.svg"
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="MySQL"
    title="MySQL" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg"     
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="HTML"
    title="HTML" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/html5/html5-original.svg"          
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="CSS"
    title="CSS" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/css3/css3-original.svg"
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="JavaScript"
    title="JavaScript" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg"
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="Node.JS"
    title="Node.JS" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
    src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg"          
/>
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="github"
    title="github" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/github/github-original.svg" 
    />
<img 
    align="left" 
    alt="git"
    title="git" 
    width="30px" 
    style="padding-right: 10px;" 
   src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/git/git-original.svg"                        
/>


<br/>
<br/>

---

### More about me and my work

I'm a Software developer with two years of experience in distributed systems and microservices, specializing in back-end development, process automation, and scalable system design. Experienced in designing and managing relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL databases (MongoDB), and in developing APIs with Node.js and Next.js for data-intensive applications.

Hands-on experience includes web and desktop development, system administration on Windows and Linux, server management, and optimization of legacy systems. Familiar with agile methodologies, integrated development platforms, and version control through Git. Practical knowledge of front-end development supports seamless integration of algorithms into complete applications.

Projects have focused on improving system performance, automating processes, and delivering scalable solutions, combining academic training with real-world application. Contributions span API integration, database modeling, and documentation of complex systems to support collaborative development and operational efficiency.

---

### 📫 Get in Touch

Want to talk about coding, collaboration on projects, or just send a message?  
Feel free to reach out without apprehention!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arthur-soares-900a53297)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:hjharthur497@gmail.com)


---
